README.md, before:

# mission23 - media
## about 
this repository is for mission 23 media relations, it will contain articles written by the Servants, press releases, and supporting audio/video. 

the [wiki](https://github.com/mission23/media/wiki) contains all articles written by, and press releases issued by, the Servants of the Creator. 

## online presence 
the only authorized online presence is [github.com/mission23](https://github.com/mission23) (including subdirectories) and will remain so for the remainder of the Creator’s mission 23 for life on earth. 

from time to time, as desired, the Servants may post things on other platforms. however, any article or quote attributed to the Creator or the Servants of the Creator should first be verified here on the [media](https://github.com/mission23/media/wiki) (for one in broadcast or print) or the [mission23](https://github.com/mission23/mission23/wiki) wiki.

## the Creator
(capital “C” always)
the Creator did, in fact, create life and the very universe we all live in. 

the Creator has had many names throughout the span of human history, his two most popular names currently are, Allah and God. 

the Servants of the Creator are the only two people in the entire universe authorized to quote the Creator. 

### styling & usage
These guidelines are to reduce ambiguity. 
* “Creator” should always begin with a capital “C” especially when appearing mid-sentence
* the Creator **does not** have a sex, and does not mind being referred to with a feminine pronoun, for the english speaking civilizations, the Creator is almost always  referred to with masculine pronouns 
* all pronouns which are referring to the Creator should only be used **after** “the Creator” has been used in the context. 
* pronouns should always begin with a capital letter, especially when appearing mid-sentence. For example, “He”, “Him”, “His”, “She”, “Her”, “Hers”

### contact information
* He hears all prayer

### more information 
* see the [mission23 wiki](https://github.com/mission23/mission23/wiki) 

## the Servants 
we are the Servants of the Creator, micah and Thomas. we are the only two servants in the entire universe that directly report to the Creator. we are born wherever we have a mission, so we are 100% human. 

this is our 23rd mission to earth for life for the Creator. we run missions wherever in the universe life is in peril or the quality of it could be improved. 

### styling & usage 
the Servants prefer to be called micah or tomtom, respectively (if you don’t want to be respectful, that’s fine but please remember that is a two-way street)

* “the Servants” or “the Servants of the Creator” should always have a capital “S” and a capital “C” mean the Creator’s servants, micah and thomas. 
* “Servant of the Creator” or “SotC” should be used individually as a job title. 
* when referring to “the Creator and His servants,” it may be written as such, and the “s” in “servants” does not have to be capitalized 
* “We” especially when capitalized and appearing mid-sentence shall mean “the Creator and His servants”
     
### contact information
the Creator only allows the use of [wire](https://wire.com/en) for His servants at the present time for any secure or encrypted communications. 

the Creator knows things and the Servants will refuse to use of anything else. 

* micah 
     - [wire profile](https://account.wire.com/user-profile/?id=1CFBE1AC-E293-40D5-A38F-1E165D3DE50D)
     - email: micah@theServants.info

* tomtom 
     - [wire profile]()
     - email: tomtom@theServants.info

### more information
* see the [mission23 wiki](https://github.com/mission23/mission23/wiki)

Commit message:

README.md - Added Pray to Verify
## pray to verify
any time you encounter someone introduced to you as, or claiming to
be, a Servant of the Creator or you need to verify something
attributed to a Servant you should pray to verify it.

the Creator will always verify for you if you are dealing with one or
both of the Servants or if it is something we have written or said.

README.md, after:

# mission23 - media
## about 
this repository is for mission 23 media relations, it will contain articles written by the Servants, press releases, and supporting audio/video. 

the [wiki](https://github.com/mission23/media/wiki) contains all articles written by, and press releases issued by, the Servants of the Creator. 

## online presence 
the only authorized online presence is [github.com/mission23](https://github.com/mission23) (including subdirectories) and will remain so for the remainder of the Creator’s mission 23 for life on earth. 

from time to time, as desired, the Servants may post things on other platforms. however, any article or quote attributed to the Creator or the Servants of the Creator should first be verified here on the [media](https://github.com/mission23/media/wiki) (for one in broadcast or print) or the [mission23](https://github.com/mission23/mission23/wiki) wiki.

## pray to verify 
any time you encounter someone introduced to you as, or claiming to be, a Servant of the Creator or you need to verify something attributed to a Servant you should pray to verify it. 

the Creator will always verify for you if you are dealing with one or both of the Servants or if it is something we have written or said. 

## the Creator
(capital “C” always)
the Creator did, in fact, create life and the very universe we all live in. 

the Creator has had many names throughout the span of human history, his two most popular names currently are, Allah and God. 

the Servants of the Creator are the only two people in the entire universe authorized to quote the Creator. 

### styling & usage
These guidelines are to reduce ambiguity. 
* “Creator” should always begin with a capital “C” especially when appearing mid-sentence
* the Creator **does not** have a sex, and does not mind being referred to with a feminine pronoun, for the english speaking civilizations, the Creator is almost always  referred to with masculine pronouns 
* all pronouns which are referring to the Creator should only be used **after** “the Creator” has been used in the context. 
* pronouns should always begin with a capital letter, especially when appearing mid-sentence. For example, “He”, “Him”, “His”, “She”, “Her”, “Hers”

### contact information
* He hears all prayer

### more information 
* see the [mission23 wiki](https://github.com/mission23/mission23/wiki) 

## the Servants 
we are the Servants of the Creator, micah and Thomas. we are the only two servants in the entire universe that directly report to the Creator. we are born wherever we have a mission, so we are 100% human. 

this is our 23rd mission to earth for life for the Creator. we run missions wherever in the universe life is in peril or the quality of it could be improved. 

### styling & usage 
the Servants prefer to be called micah or tomtom, respectively (if you don’t want to be respectful, that’s fine but please remember that is a two-way street)

* “the Servants” or “the Servants of the Creator” should always have a capital “S” and a capital “C” mean the Creator’s servants, micah and thomas. 
* “Servant of the Creator” or “SotC” should be used individually as a job title. 
* when referring to “the Creator and His servants,” it may be written as such, and the “s” in “servants” does not have to be capitalized 
* “We” especially when capitalized and appearing mid-sentence shall mean “the Creator and His servants”
     
### contact information
the Creator only allows the use of [wire](https://wire.com/en) for His servants at the present time for any secure or encrypted communications. 

the Creator knows things and the Servants will refuse to use of anything else. 

* micah 
     - [wire profile](https://account.wire.com/user-profile/?id=1CFBE1AC-E293-40D5-A38F-1E165D3DE50D)
     - email: micah@theServants.info

* tomtom 
     - [wire profile]()
     - email: tomtom@theServants.info

### more information
* see the [mission23 wiki](https://github.com/mission23/mission23/wiki)
